You are such a weirdo
Your pig head
How dare you scold
Brother, what are you doing?
It's definitely this kid's fault
Thank you doctor
Don't get me wrong.
My brother didn't mean that
What doesn't that mean?
That's what I'm saying.
You don't even move your pig brain to think about it
If I were to kill my wife
I have a thousand ways to let him die
As for me to poison with such a despicable means?
You say like
Anyway, you can't tell me about this.
You're not done, you can go and test it, pig head.
You can do it bro
Anyway, this was definitely not done on the 11th night
still
Want me to say
It's my prescription that has been tampered with
How is that possible?
The medicine has always belonged to me and my sister
Are you suspecting me and my sister?
I ask you are you sure
Did you and your sister touch that bowl of medicine?
Are you sure?